Dragon's Tooth.
My lord, I advise you to have a better life.
Governor Long, what's going on?
And this Ye?
He's a shareholder of our Dragon God Corporation.
Today's party is also that he will ask me to rent this purple cloud booth to organize.
Hum is deaf.
Don't you eat lunch in the afternoon?
I have been kind enough to help you cushion the yard. Why are you still like a chicken breast?
Since then.
Why am I waiting for my dog?
Not sincere.
Dragons, right?
You're just in time.
Are you just waiting for us to attack Mr. Ip?
Then you can be just good enough to intimidate us who don't have eyes.
My son really sings a good song, my friend.
Ngo Viet, you've got the wrong idea.
Dragons always have the key.
Not having time to talk to me about this is just a coincidence.
I know you like dessert.
I've invited the world's first dessert master to make a special cake for you, do you like it?
Although I don't know exactly what you are.
But I think there are some things that should be made clear to you.
Wow.
This fireworks is beautiful.
Let's take us out.
Come, let's go out and have a look.
Wow.
It's too big.
What a great pen.
This fireworks show every business can't get, of course, small romance costs a lot of money.
Wow, I don't know which young master is willing to do that, so why ask?
It must be the Holy Spirit.
If it wasn't for him, I'd eat this table.